update installation and help docs (#151)
exercism/awk: docs/INSTALLATION.md

# Installation

# What awk do I have?

The Exercism AWK track uses `gawk`, GNU's AWK.

> You may already have it, let's see: execute this command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may already have it; to check, execute this command
```

```sh
awk --version
```

If that returns:

* something like `GNU Awk 5.1.0 ...`

>     - You've already got GNU awk, you can carry on with the exercises.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - You already have GNU awk and can carry on with the exercises.
```

* something like `awk version 20200816`

>     - This is is the "one true awk" implementation.

Reviewer: Is this BSD awk?

Author: I think so. I don't have one to test on except my Mac.

Reviewer: I don't have Mac either, but I'm pretty sure it's BSD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - This is BSD awk.
```

    - This is what ships with MacOS.
    - Read below for installation instructions.

* the error `awk: not an option: --version`

>     - You have `mawk` probably.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - You probably have `mawk`.
```

    - Confirm with: `awk -W version` which may return `mawk 1.3.4 20200120`.
    - mawk is a very good and fast awk implementation, but it doesn't have some of the gawk-specific features we'll use in the track.
    - Read below for installation instructions.

* the error `awk: unrecognized option: version` followed by `BusyBox v1.35.0 ...`
    - You might be using Alpine Linux.
    - Read below for installation instructions.

* a "command not found" error
    - Then either your PATH is messed up or you just don't have awk installed.
    - Read below for installation instructions.

## Linux

Varies with your distro's package manager. Typically:
```sh
apt install gawk
yum install gawk
apk add gawk
# and so on
```
You may need to use `sudo` to execute the appropriate command.

## MacOS

> [Homebrew][brew] is your friend: follow the link to install it and then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Homebrew][brew] is your friend. Follow the link to install it and then run:
```
